everybody good evening again this is
Harper reviews making one of my last
reviews tonight and it will be one or
two more after this one but this one is
the Delta Boeing 747-400 starting off
with the box or favorite part no it
isn't her Padmini at port Medela off
soon that is German I want to say it in
Dutch sorry
may you see not a picture in front of it
because Delta's not a partner
unfortunately doesn't care so we say
Delta sky team and building 747-400 100
500 see a picture of it flying
this one is well I can tell you that it
was before the merger of Delta Airlines
and Northwest Airlines this was a man
oh my god my hand is bleeding okay this
was a 747 of Northwest it is an 661 us
but now it's Delta's Spain it in the
lovely Delta colors I forgot to buy it
then it says 764 point 44 meters is
their wingspan the length is seventy
point 67 meters in the hive is 90 point
41 meters don't know if that's the upper
deck or just the lower deck just okay
let's start off in the front you see the
Delta logo painted on it they see three
doors one for the upper deck which is
actually no jet plane compatible if you
noticed ever add to hair pirates can't
put it on a jet plane on that upper door
no no then there are two smaller doors
pretty low side and you see the awesome
nose which looks like real pointy nose
sharp
you see the windows in the nose part
cockpit is upstairs
this is he a little scratchy logo but it
is there
so she wondered hey is there a Scottie
over yet her eyes you see the nose gear
you see two engines painted in blue you
see the big wing with landing lights
over there and then you see a winglet in
blue then we got gear which is four
times two times two gears that sound
sweet but it is just four times a
complete gear with four wheels and it
can actually write don't know if that's
a mistake of her paw
they made the wheels not correct me on
it but it does enjoy don't enjoy
whatever you want to do Nancy the
emergency exit above the door up after
we've of course another door and in fact
one with Chase and six is one us which I
told you the story about then a huge to
and it's a real huge but it's kind of
big either here not as big as they had
really but pretty big you need a great
Delta Airlines logo way better than the
first logo which I have over here either
it's a good logo either but yeah I love
this one be way better so just tell me
what you like better the upper deck is
pretty nice smooth and it goes like that
in the normal deck and it's kind of a
cool airplane you see the smaller
engines then it's triple seven or the 8
really doesn't why they did that maybe
it doesn't need a power it can fly like
this it's great it's a pretty cool
airplane it's pretty much worth your
money if you like Delta Airlines if
you're
or just European let you Mike Delta
Airlines or SkyTeam just buy it it's
Jude it's worth the money that's that's
for sure
and then let's get on to the comparisons
which are the same as I did on the other
two you might know already who I'm going
to take for this I'm tracking first off
this triple 7 the wings are just about
the same size but this one with its way
bear we got then one of them triple 7
there's the tail section it's also way
bigger you can see that and you see it
has more remaining years that's
necessary of course the engines are
smaller for the guys who want to do this
yes they are smaller smaller smaller
don't know which engines they are there
could be General Electric or a
rolls-royce if you like that you go
search it tell me if you move it
of course the 747 is wider then it's
triple 7 but yeah that's just no new for
you guys first off start off with the
engines on the a380 of Emirates they're
way bigger and then of 100 747 - wings
are also oh my god it looks just one of
its gears need to repair that we'll need
to repair it at some other day the wings
are very bigger as you can see now you
can see because I zoomed in I'm a lazy
idiot I can zoom out anyway
it's long worthy amirite it's 2 meter
longer and
these are way bigger in real life it's
two meter longer and I don't know it's
for this but it seems to be that the
747-8 it's longer than the a380 I don't
know that exactly you should go and find
it on Wikipedia or something you can go
it then once a sled yeah who would know
we said let's google it just notice no
one said hey let's Yahoo it that's truly
a fact you should know that but okay
this is a GU plane worth your money it's
right by your airliner nice needs he'll
still affect you for watching keep
subscribed keep subscribing
keep watching I will be uploading one or
two more videos after this one so bye
guys thanks for watching